#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile ./requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.2.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-core
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via httpx
httpx==0.25.2
    # via ollama
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.5
    # via -r ./requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.17
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.18
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
langsmith==0.0.86
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.20.2
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
ollama==0.1.5
    # via -r ./requirements.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pydantic==2.6.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.16.1
    # via pydantic
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==2.0.25
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.0
    # via requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
